[DECLUTTER BUILDING] separate structure, remove CodeCoverage (#584)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/building-wasabi/README.md

> Some of the issues they are working on now as well as the research for future ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also find some of the issues they are working on now, the research for future ideas, and all of the necessary information needed to quickly begin making your own invaluable contributions.
```

> And all the necessary information you need to quickly start with your invaluable contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
